Fragments (#72)
radiantearth/stac-api-spec: fragments/README.md

# STAC API - Fragments

This directory contains reusable OpenAPI fragments that are used by other capabilities. They tend to 

> be parameters that get mixed in to various endpoints, and keeping them in this separate fragment directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be common API components such as parameters that get mixed in to various endpoints.
They are kept in this separate fragment directory as they are not specific to any extension and are meant to be re-used when drafting new API extensions.
```
